Don't think you're in trouble for a fart
Collude with each other
Do you really think I'm easy to bully?
Taro was not only a wealthy businessperson in Fuso
And of noble blood
I want him to apologize to you.
No way to tell you
In my Zhaojiacun
There is still no room for you Fuso people to be arrogant and domineering
arrogant and domineering
Hahahaha
Don't think you can completely block me in the building
Broke my way out
I'll tell you what.
I'm Takako Fuso
But Fussen still has a lot of himself back home
I live a chic and happy life like me
It's you.
Don't think I don't know
You and Ma Jinshan wear the same pair of pants
When I return home, I will definitely protect you from each other
Collude with each other and bully me
When the time comes, let you become an international biscuit pair
We will also complain to the Vice President of the International Olympic Committee
Let you participate for the rest of your life
Olympic Games
Bullying you, your tears
Here's the thing.
Zhao Ruolan is Dini
The Olympic champion with high wine-making achievements
Look, there's still one last minute
I'll show you all
Zhao Ruolan's amazing strength